docs(bottom-navigation): update usage description (#13300)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/components/bottom-navigation.md

## Usage

> Modify the **value** property to designate the synced value. A button is given a default value of its _index_ with `v-bottom-navigation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `v-bottom navigation` is meant to be used with [vue-router](https://router.vuejs.org/), you can also programmatically control the active state of the buttons by using the **value** property. A button is given a default value of its _index_ with `v-bottom-navigation`.
```
